#### Hosting options

Hosting options provides:
- Scalability,
- Resources available for each function app instance
- support for advanced functionality like virtual networks.

**3 hosting options:**
- Consumption plan (default)
	- Scales up and down automatically. Resources are added or removed dynamically
- Functions premium plan
	- Runs on more powerful machines, scales automatically with no delay, connects to virtual network
- App service plan
	- Runs the function in an app service platform. It helps in long running scenarios. 
	- Has app service plan rates.
	- App service plans support setting autoscaling rules based on predictive usage.

There are 2 more hosting options to provide more control and isolation
- ASE: App service environment, fully isolated and dedicated environment.
- Kubernetes: Fully isolated and dedicated environment on top of Kubernetes.

**Always on**: In app service plan, the always on setting for the function app must be on inorder to avoid being idle after inactivity.

**Storage account requirements**:
- To store the necessary files for the functions
- should support blob, queue, table, files.

-------------------
### Scaling
Function app scales automatically so there is no need to configure. Based on the hosting plan, the scaling rate and speed differs.

In consumption plan, for each functions 1.75 gb with one cpu is allocated. The instances are added based on the requests and triggers, in premium plan, the resources are added faster decreasing the latency.

Limiting scale out is a feature that is available where the user can set the limit of instances that are to be scaled out.