## Blob Containers
In Azure Storage Accounts, there are 4 types of storages. Blobs, files, tables, and queues. 

Blobs are stored in a container inside of a Storage accounts. Blobs are object storage solutions. Usually unstructured data. 

These blobs can be accessed via REST with HTTP endpoints by the users. Even a Static website with HTML, CSS and JS can be hosted in a blob container.

Blobs have their own Access keys and SAS keys for added security.

#### AzCopy
The blobs can be accessed, moved, manipulated by APIs provided by Azure. One of the API is AzCopy. This is a CLI tool that can help a developer to copy one blob to the same container or to a different container from the serverside.

#### Leases
Leases are basically locks that a user can have on their blobs, when a blob is acquired a lease, it cannot be read, accessed, manipulated, deleted etc. 

### Storage Access Tiers
There are 3 types of Access tiers. 
- Hot - default
- Cold
- Archive

These tiers are basically present due to the frequency of accessibility of the files by the user. 
If a file is in the Hot tier, it will be available instantly when accessed. Accessing files is cheap but storing is costly
In cold tier, the file will be accessed with a little latency.  Accessing data is costlier than hot tier
In Archive tier, the latency will be too longer. Accessing files is costly but storing is cheap

#### Containers
A container organizes a set of blobs, similar to a directory in a file system. A storage account can include an unlimited number of containers, and a container can store an unlimited number of blobs. The container name must be lowercase.