### Working

Using 2-pronged 'facade' functions that both:
- Initiate background web browser work and
- Return a placeholder object(promise) immediately in javascript synchronously.

The promise object has few properties and methods,
1. **value**: this property is a placeholder for the data/response that the promise returns
2. **onFulfilled**: this property is an array of callback functions that are to be performed when the promise is fulfulled.
3. **onRejected**: this property is an array of callback functions that are to be performed when the promise is rejected
4. then: this method takes in 2 parameters, first parameter is a callback function that gets added to the onFulfilled array. The second parameter is also a callback function that gets added to the onRejected array. The second callback is optional.
5. catch: This method takes in a callback function which gets added to the onRejected array.
6. finally: This method takes in a callback function and executes it at the end of the promise execution.

The fetch api always returns a promise.

For example,
```js
let response = fetch("https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/todos/1");

response
.then((data) => console.log(data))
.catch((err) => console.log(err))
.finally(() => console.log("completed"));

console.log("hello");
console.log("hello");
console.log("hello");
```

Here, 
1. The response identifier is initialised with a promise.
2. The fetch api is a 2 pronged facade. That is it does to jobs, one is to return a promise object which the JS tracks on and the next job is to trigger the web browser.
3. The then method will add the callback to the onFulfilled array
4. The catch method will add the callback to the onRejected array
5. The finally method will execute the callback at the end


Whenever the fetch api receives the response from the servers, the value property in the promise object will be changed. Whenever the value property is changed, based on the status of the promise, the appropriate callback will be sent to the queue.

There is a special type of queue for promises called the **Microtask queue**.

The event loop will prioritize the microtask queue over the callback queue.