### Closures

- JavaScript's most powerful and most used concept.
- Enables powerful pro-level functions like 'once' and 'memoize'.
- Many JS design patterns including the module pattern use closure.
- Build iterators, handle partial application and maintain state in an asynchronous world.

Primarily clousres works like this:
- A function returning another function.
- The inner function's Variable environment can be preserved(memoized) even after getting popped off the call stack.

```js
const counterIncrementer = () => {
	let counter = 0;
	function incrementCounter() {
		counter++;
		console.log(counter);
	}
	return incrementCounter;
};

const func1 = counterIncrementer();
func1();
func1();

const func2 = counterIncrementer();
func2();
func2();
```

Here, 
-	The counterIncrementer function returns a function.
-	Here while returning the function, not only the function's value is returned, but also the Variable Environment of the counterIncrementer function is attached as a scope with the returned value.
-	So the execution context's V.E. can be accessed from the global memory.
-	For each function call, the V.E. is created and returned so in this example the output will be 
	```console
	1
	2
	1
	2
	```
	
So, while calling the function that is returned, in this case the `func1()` and  `func2()` the execution context will search for the variable counter in this order
1. Variable Environment of the func1's execution context
2. Variable Environment carried as a scope from the invocation function. 
3. Then the global memory.

The Scope is also called as 
- Closed Over 'Variable Environment' (C.O.V.E.)
- Persistent Lexical Scope Referenced Data (P.L.S.R.D.)
- 'Backpack'
- Closure

The ‘backpack’ (or ‘closure’) of live data is attached incrementCounter (then to func1) through a hidden property known as `[[scope]]` which persists when the inner function is returned out